Title: Timeless
Subtitle: A mixture of a blog, wiki and CMS
Author: judofyr

Welcome to Timeless, a community blog with focus on *content*.

I started my first technical blog in Feburary 2008 and have been blogging
infrequently since then. As time has passed by, I've discovered that a blog
is a surprisingly *bad* way to present technical content, both for the author
and the reader. Timeless is an attempt at creating a new kind of blog with a
focus on frequently updated, quality content which lasts longer than the beta
of your favourite framework.

(snip)

## The Meaning of a Blog Post

Attach a timestamp to a piece of text. Present it in reverse-chronological
order. Simple and effective. For almost a decade blogs have been the primary
medium for inviduals to express their opinion on the internet. A blog is
perfect for writing about *changes*: a person's life, the society in general,
the progress of a project, or other events. The readers are encouraged to
frequently visit the blog in order to keep up to date, and in some blogs
(these days: *most* blogs) they can also post comments and take a part of the
discussion.

So simple and so effective that it has slowly taken over the internet, which
isn't *only* positive. Useful information is hidden beneath "September 2008",
but is still as relevant today. Posts with glaring mistakes are left online
because all blog posts should be immutable. People forget to write down the
context (in the technical world: version numbers, operation systems etc), so
it's impossible to know if the post still applies a few years later.

The blog has become the norm, even in the places where it doesn't fit *at
all*.

## A blog that isn't a blog

You might have arrived at this site under the impression that this is a blog.
If so, I'm sorry to disappoint you: you won't find any timestamps here. Why?
Because we don't want to write about changes. We don't have what it takes to
maintain a blog and post regularly. All we want to do is to *write*. Not
often, not always, but still: there are times when we simply want to write.

If we're not going to take advantage of the blog medium, then why should we
be impeded by the disadvantages? Why do I feel I'm *obliged* to add a
timestamp to each post? Why do I feel I'm *not allowed* to change or update
the posts?

I feel brainwashed, and Timeless is my attempt at breaking out of the prison.

## Content, not changes

The goal of Timeless is that every articles should be *timeless*. Well, not
timeless in the usual meaning of the word, but timeless as in every article
should include enough context to be easily understandable if you discover it
a month, a year or maybe even ten years later. The article should be
regularly updated as we learn and discover new aspects of the topic.

Just because Timeless focuses on content, doesn't mean there's no focus on
the changes. I don't expect people to manually look for changes, so there's
both an [RSS feed](http://feeds.feedburner.com/TimelessRepo) and [a separate
page](/changelog) about the recent changes at Timeless.

This gives us the perfect flexibilty: New readers can browser and explore the
content like it's a wiki, while returning readers can easily see if there's
any updated content. If you want to be notifed about further updates, you can
simply subscribe to the feed, just like a normal blog.

## You can help too!

Nothing about Timeless is limited to *one* author (in fact, we are two
authors writing regulary now) and as long as you have something interesting
to say, you are more than welcome to [help us make Timeless even
better](/contribute).

## This is just the beginning...

What you are seeing here is only the first version of Timeless. It's far from
complete, but definitely *good enough* for now. In the future I hope to add
more features (like tags, sub-articles and maybe even comments), but there's
no point of implementing something before we actually need it.

If you're still interested in Timeless, you can [subscribe to the
feed](http://feeds.feedburner.com/TimelessRepo) or follow the project at
[GitHub](http://github.com/judofyr/timeless).

Please let me know if you [have any comments, thoughts or
questions](/comments).

